fix: normalize SodiumHandler params and padding failures (#10321)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.7.4.rst

- **Commands:** Fixed a bug where ``spark lang:find`` treated translation keys already provided by the framework or another namespace (such as ``Errors.*`` in ``system/Language``) as new, listing them under ``--show-new`` and writing untranslated placeholders into ``app/Language`` that overrode the existing translations.
- **Config:** Fixed a bug where ``BaseService::injectMock`` did not apply ``strtolower`` consistently, causing inconsistent Service and Mock registration and resolution.
- **Database:** Fixed a bug where ``updateBatch()`` could be called after Query Builder ``where()`` conditions, even though it's not supported. In this situation, now the ``DatabaseException`` is thrown.

> - **Encryption:** Fixed bugs in ``SodiumHandler`` where incorrect key handling and mismatched block sizes caused encryption and decryption failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Encryption:** Fixed bugs in ``SodiumHandler`` where runtime ``blockSize`` overrides without ``key`` were handled incorrectly, invalid key lengths could leak native Sodium errors, and mismatched decrypt ``blockSize`` values could throw ``SodiumException`` instead of ``EncryptionException``.
```
